.TH "phpmailerTest" 3 "22 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "m4php5" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
phpmailerTest \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits TestCase.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBphpmailerTest\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetUp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtearDown\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAddNote\fP ($sValue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSetAddress\fP ($sAddress, $sName='', $sType='to')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_WordWrap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Low_Priority\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Multiple_Plain_FileAttachment\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Plain_StringAttachment\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Quoted_Printable\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Html\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_HTML_Attachment\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Embedded_Image\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_Multi_Embedded_Image\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_AltBody\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_AltBody_Attachment\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtest_DenialOfServiceAttack\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$Host\fP = ''"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Performs authentication tests 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "phpmailerTest::phpmailerTest ($ name)"
.PP
Class constuctor. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::setUp ()"
.PP
Run before each test is started. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::tearDown ()"
.PP
Run after each test is completed. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::AddNote ($ sValue)"
.PP
Adds a simple note to the message.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "phpmailerTest::SetAddress ($ sAddress, $ sName = \fC''\fP, $ sType = \fC'to'\fP)"
.PP
Adds all of the addresses
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "phpmailerTest::test_WordWrap ()"
.PP
Try a plain message. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Low_Priority ()"
.PP
Try a plain message. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Multiple_Plain_FileAttachment ()"
.PP
Simple plain file attachment test. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Plain_StringAttachment ()"
.PP
Simple plain string attachment test. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Quoted_Printable ()"
.PP
Plain quoted-printable message. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Html ()"
.PP
Try a plain message. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_HTML_Attachment ()"
.PP
Simple HTML and attachment test 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Embedded_Image ()"
.PP
An embedded attachment test. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_Multi_Embedded_Image ()"
.PP
An embedded attachment test. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_AltBody ()"
.PP
Simple multipart/alternative test. 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_AltBody_Attachment ()"
.PP
Simple HTML and attachment test 
.SS "phpmailerTest::test_DenialOfServiceAttack ()"
.PP
Tests this denial of service attack: http://www.cybsec.com/vuln/PHPMailer-DOS.pdf 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "phpmailerTest::$Host = ''"
.PP
Holds the SMTP mail host.
.PP
string 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for m4php5 from the source code.
